This script extracts the output data generated by RASPA (from production cycles on) and prints it on the Terminal
(and/or saves it in an output file). Primarily, it was created to analize a system's general behavior, but it can also
be used to extract data from RASPA's outputs in dataframe formats.

Requirements: Numpy and Pandas libraries must be installed.

Warning: This script will read only the last data file produced by RASPA in the indicated directory.

Instructions:<br>
> python3 extractRaspaData.py [-[Flag] [Arguments]] [-[Flag] [Arguments]] ...<br>
- Flags allowed:
	- -h or -H: Call for help.
	- -t or -T: The types of cycles to analyze: Production cycles (prod) or initialization cycles (init). By default: prod
		
		Equilibration cycles (if added), are included in initialization cycles.

	- -s or -S: Sort data frame according to a given value. By default, it's pressure (P).
		
		It can be sorted according to only one value, which must be one of the variables given after the flag -v (or -V).

	- -f or -F: Plot the evolution of variables along the cycles.
		
		The plot file will be outputFile.pdf, where outputFile is indicated by the -o flag.
		
	- -p or -P: Print input parameters.
	- -i or -I: Indicate the path where the data file is found. By default: Output/System_0
	- -o or -O: Indicate the path/fileName where the extracted data will be printed.
		
		By default, no file is created.
		
	- -u or -U: Indicate the units for the pressure (kPa, atm or bar). By default: kPa
	- -c or -C: List of components involved in the simulation (fluid mixture). You must specify the species, even if it was only one
	- -d or -D: List of dimensions to extract the box-lengths. By deafault, the three dimensions.
	- -v or -V: Indicate the list of variables that will be extracted from the RASPA's data files (per cycle). By default: Rho
- Variables allowed:
	- V: Volume in A^3.
	- T: Temperature in K.
	- P: Pressure in kPa.
		
		Three different units can be specified: kPa, atm or bar. By default, kPa.
		
	- U: Internal energy in K (J/kb).

		Simulation must have ended to be extracted.<br>
		Only two values will be printed: Average (1st row) and its standard deviation (2nd row).
		
	- Mu: Chemical Potential in K (J/kb) by Widom insertion method.

		Simulation must have ended to be extracted.<br>
		Only two values will be printed: Average (1st row) and its standard deviation (2nd row).<br>
		Requires the components to be indicated.<br>
		
	- Rho: Density in kg/m^3.
		
		Requires the components to be indicated.
		
	- L: Box-length in A.
		
		Requires the dimentions to be indicated (x, y or z).
		
	- N: Number of molecules/atoms.

		Requires the components to be indicated.

Example:<br>
The following command would extract the volume and internal energy of a methane-benzene binary mixture from Output/System_1,<br>
as well as the pressure (in atm) and the box-length in the x direction.<br>
The extracted data would be saved in the file excessProps.dat<br>
> python3 extractRaspaData.py -I Outputs/System_1/ -o ./excessProps.dat -t prod -C methane benzene -v U V P L -U atm -d x -p -s P <br> 

